Theme: Shapeshift
    Idk how well I'll follow it, bt I have a good idea at least, so wth
    we'll see =P

Ideas:
    shapeshifting hero
    shapeshifting enemies
    shapeshifting world

    Different abilities to solve different puzzles
    Different tactics to attack enemies that change
    Change of mind when traversing the "Same-but-different" world

Shape-shifting, puzzle-solving, top-down, story"driven" mystery.
    Implement the "circle" puzzles I've been thinking about?
    Have some mystery surrounding the world, implement some story as to why
        shapeshifting

    How will the world shift?
        Have the world be different when the player comes back to a place?
        Shift it in front of the players eyes?
        Will only small things change? (Maybe only a little to begin with)

    What will shift?
        Is it a cyclic shift, or a shift towards something?
        Majoras mask style, where there is only limited time before everything is changed?
    
    From what?

    Into what?
        




Prototypes:
    Have a tilebased movement, with Circles that can be "engaged"
    Have a distance based movement, with ^
    Have a "quantum-state" based movement, with some sort of mechanic for jumping "shells" (Turn based still, somehow?)

    (Sponaneously, I feel the distance based movement will work best, and I don't think I have time for more prototyping...)




Programming:
    I need a PChar, with attached top-down camera
    I need collisions with world elements
    
    Movement?
        I'm thinkin have a set distance that you can go each "turn", and have the Player    
        choose where to go in a  radius, shorter distances makes the PChar run slower

        Have it loosely tile based (Doesn't feel right with the "circleness", I think)
        
        Have _all_ movement be based on hopping "quantum-states" in "shells"
        (This makes the most "sense" in-universe, and would be a very intersting element to
        the game if done right)
            Would this work with the "engage" mechanic though?
            would this maybe be "better" than the engage mechanic?


    I need a world that can shift, probably out of view of PC, for simplicity's sake
        Maybe do a anti-chamber style thing? (Not quite, it won't be non-euclidian (or will it?))
        Probably Tilebased using Tile-ed, though I might actually not want that...

    I want Puzzles
        Environment based ones, because shapeshifting world
        But maybe more "The witness" style of puzzles too?
        The player "engages" the puzzles by moving onto circles and pressing a button
        When engaged, the Player will be in "puzzle-solving" mode, though this might be
        useful for other stuff too, like dodging dangers or similar

    Enemies?



Story
    If I do the Circle puzzles, the entire "Dungeon" is built around a giant circle puzzle

    To solve everything, You need to get info about how the world moves, and solve parts
    of that in the smaller puzzles

    Hyper-dimensional "clock"? The current revolution is at "Earth-o-clock" (Given that we are on earth in the game)
        The Earth "clock" does it's revolutions, and then the Hyper dimensional one will move on, putting you on a timer
            to get out before you get stuck in other dimensions, probably for as long as you live
        What would the timescale be though?
        This needs to be explained somewhat early, so that the player knows that it's time-critical.
        At the same time, you don't want to stress the player...
        A mechanism for "turning back time"?
        Maybe the time given inside the "Dungeon" is ample for the job
        Maybe failure is inevitable, and you have to try again?
            Any good reason for having more knowledge the next playthrough?

        Maybe the clock isn't that slow, and you have a chance of getting back if you miss the window?
        Maybe that's the "mission"? An expedition into this wierd anomaly that has been found,
            which activates once every "time-unit", and stays active for a while, then dissapears,
            only to come back with very rigid regularity.
        Once you have gone one step along the HyperClock, it's revealed that the team you now are communicating with
            is in fact from another parallell dimension, and that you'll probably see more as you "go around"

        Puzzles that the PC solves will "re-program" the behaviour of the clock, maybe defensive measures are
            taken by the "Dungeon", traps, guards, other interesting things
        An objective in that case might be to make sure you can get out before the HyperClock "turns over"
            so that you don't get stuck

        Research some simple clock mechanics, specifically, how the "set new time" works on a "cog"-level,
            I might be able to use that as a way to "stop" the HyperClock's movement

            
        Maybe have it turnbased to de-stress the situation, and emphasise strategy and puzzle solving more.
        (Will also be easier mechanically)
        Every turn marks a revolution of the "atomic-clock", which will be in the center
        I'm almost instictively picturing divisions into prime numbers for each "layer", but we'll see if that
        works out with the timing


    
    Cop-out: You never actually get to know who made this place, or why, it's all open
        Careful with that one though



Solidified ideas, round 1
    HyperClock that regularly goes to "Earth-o-clock", which has been discovered with "advanced Dimensional tech"
        The "Team" that is investigating this "Anomaly" has very little info on what it is, and is sending
        something in to look around, this is the PC, either a drone or an actual being.
    The HC comes around pretty often, so getting stuck is no problem, but what will happen if you are inside is
        unkown (Other dimensional team? Game Over?)
    You start out just as the "Team" is sending you/a drone in to the "Door" of the anomaly, you learn the movement
        while "disengage", you learn to "engage", you learn the movement while "engaged", and last but not least you
        learn how to "Push into" another "Circle" (I need better terms for these xD)
    When inside, you learn about failure if you try to move into the red beams (Even while disengaged? There are possibilities there)
        you learn disengaging, moving things attached to rings, and get some exposition from te "Scientists"
    The first task is to explore, learn about the different rulesets (which? xD), and become familiar with the "Dungeon"
        while poppin around solving puzzles, you'll get more exposition in the form of "Runes on the walls" (maybe) and
        theories and such from the scientists
    You'll soon learn that you need to hurry up if you want out before the HC ticks over, but depending, you might have
        to get to the middle to get back out. (This is not definite!)

    Programming:
        I need a PC that is controllable by "jumping" in a direction for a specific distance
            a jump shorter than max-distance will behave how? (probably slowed down, whatevers easiest to implement xD)

        I need to implement the "Circle rooms" and the puzzles in them.
            there needs to be a way to see what has "power", see where you can engage, see where you can and can't move

        There need to be a way to keep track of the "Master clock", and how it affects the rest of the world

    Prototypes:
        I need player movement.
            Have random things in the background for reference
            Look at mousePos relative to PC, show "jump-trajectory"
            if clicked, jump

        Circle movement
            Start with player engaged
            Have one other circle that you can jump to

            Add "energy" that moves with the player

            Add "anti-energy" that moves "opposite" the player

            Have some more circles

        Circle "Pushing":
            Start with PC engaged on a "push-point", and only having
            "Circle-pushing movement"

            implement simple circle movement for moving to other
            push- points along the other circles

        Engage/disengage mechanic
            Start with player sitting on an "engage-point", and only being able to
            engage and disengage

            Implement the above mechanics of movement in the same order


    Remember theme!
        Have the world "shift" somehow, the puzzles have some dependency on this
        Maybe as the inner layers of the HC ticks over, the outer ones change
